OK, so this is like what we've
been doing in the last session.
So this is a complex theme. So
just describe what you see and
what you see happening and I'm
going to make it a little bit
bigger for you.
Thank you, no problem. And like
before you have approximately
like 3/3 to 5 minutes drive so.
OK.
#START_wild_west So we're
looking at.
Like an Old West Village.
Or Old West town.
So there's a lot of buildings, a
lot of people. There's a jail.
With the sheriff sign on it,
there's a two-story hotel.
And next to it is a is a
two-story saloon.
And then a general store.
You can also see a bank.
And a livery stable.
So some of the people that you
can see.
By the jail.
You can see wanted posters on
the side of the building.
And there's people hanging out
in front of the jail with cowboy
hats and cowboy boots.
There are people on top of the
jail building.
With a chimney coming out of the
roof.
And it looks like one of the
prisoners is trying to escape
through the chimney he has on a
yellow and black striped top,
and he's probably stuck in the
chimney with just his arms
coming out.
In the two-story hotel next
door, you can see.
On the second floor.
It looks like maybe there's a
gunfight taking place between
two people.
One is kind of backing up, but
it looks like he just shot the
gun and white smoke is coming
out and he's fighting against
somebody in a yellow outfit
with.
Brown cowboy boots and a blue
cowboy hat.
You can see a chair is
overturned, so they must have
been fighting. All sorts of
things are are strewn on the
floor.
In the saloon next next to the
hotel and the general store.
On the.
The the porch has a covering.
The porch of the saloon has a
covering a roof over it, and you
can see two people standing on
top of that roof outside the
saloon.
And.
It looks like they have ropes in
their hands or or bags. I'm not
sure if they stole something.
Little bit hard to see that.
Um, there's also a second saloon
called the Pioneer Saloon, and
it's a blue building with
yellow.
Lettering. And there's people
standing on the front porch of
the second story, and they have
musical instruments, so you can
see a lot of people have guitars
in their hands.
Oh no, those aren't musical
instruments. Those are bags of
money and they're all robbers.
And they have.
Masks covering their face.
And they stole from the bank
next door, so they're running
away very happy with all the
bags of of money.
Let's see.
There's there's actually a third
saloon, lots of saloons in this
town. It's called the one more
saloon, another blue building
with yellow writing. And it's
also a two-story building. And
on the second story there's a
deck coming out over the over
the first story and they have a
wheeled cannon up on the 2nd
floor of the building.
And it looks like a robber with
a red mask over his face has a
gun to another person holding
him up.
In front of that saloon is a
railroad track, and there's a
red engine.
With a #2 on the front and white
smoke coming out of it on the
railroad tracks and right in
front of the train there is a
Stagecoach that is stuck on the
railroad tracks. It's a red
Stagecoach with people inside
and suitcases on the top. And a
lot of people are around the
Stagecoach trying to help get
the Stagecoach Stagecoach off of
the railroad tracks.
#END_wild_west
That is perfect. So hard to see
them. Yeah, like those aren't
guitars. That's funny.
I know so much was going on in
that one.
So next we have. Let's see.
We have another complex scene.
And it is.
OK, I'm going to share my screen
again.
OK, so same thing as before,
just take 3 to 5 minutes to
describe what you see happening
in this scene.
And you could begin whenever
you're ready.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
now we're at a zoo.
And there are a lot. There are a
lot of people visiting the zoo
and you can see a lot of
animals. You can see uh two
lions.
And a hippopotamus.
And zebras, giraffes, monkeys,
elephants, raccoons, birds.
Polar bears and there's a
rhinoceros who has escaped and
is running down the pathway
where all the people are.
The rhinoceros has a smile on
his face and thinks it's funny,
but all the people around him
are very scared and scared looks
on their faces and they're
running away from him.
There's.
Also a snake that is in front of
the rhinoceros. The snake must
have escaped and the snake is
green and yellow and has a
scared look on his face with his
eyes real big and his mouth
open.
There's a food vendor selling
hot dogs, the carts Gray, and it
has a orange and yellow
umbrella.
And the vendor has a dark
mustache and a yellow shirt with
a white apron. He's got a hot
dog in his hand, and he's about
to hand it to a customer who has
a white shirt and blue pants, a
blue hat, and a blue backpack.
And he's handing the money to
the vendor so he can get his hot
dog.
Some of the people who are
walking around are uh a family
pushing a red stroller with a
baby in it.
There's an animal catcher with a
net he's probably running to try
to catch the rhinoceros.
With the net.
Um, there.
Are.
Trees around, so there's tall.
Trees with a lot of green leaves
on it, with raccoons in the tree
looking down at all the people.
There's an ice cream stand and
the ice cream stand looks like
an ice cream cone.
So the bottom of it is brown
like the ice cream cone, and the
top is pink with ice cream with
an ice cream sign on it. And
then there's a window where
people can walk up and get ice
cream cones. So there's a little
boy in a green shirt reaching up
to get his ice cream cone.
There's another area that has
the giraffes and antelope,
anteaters.
And there's a boy who is looking
at the animals, leaning over the
the railing.
And he's dumping his bag of
chips into the animal pen.
Flying above the animal pen is a
blue.
A propeller airplane with Red
Wings and a Penguin is the
pilot.
There's also a blue, yellow and
green bird flying next to the
airplane.
There is a shop in the in the.
In the back along the pathway.
That has people coming in and
out shopping. It's got a brown
roof with yellow and blue siding
and a yellow sign up front that
says shop.
And then next to it is another
building of the same color, blue
front, yellow sides and a sign
on the front that says Cafe.
{Hmm.
Describe.}
Way beyond the zoo, in the
background you can see a lot of
green trees and in the far back.
You can barely see a city, so
there's tall skyscrapers in the
background.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
Goodness, I don't know what else
to describe. And, well, that's
that's perfect. OK, now let me
see what we got next.
OK.
OK, next we have a story.
Let me pull up the story.
OK, so this story.
Is.
OK, so this story is
approximately 44 slides long, so
you could take between like 10
to 15 minutes to describe it.
And like before with the stories
you could just tell me when you
would like me to move on with
the slides and I will share my
screen.
And I will put this into.
Presenting mode.
Wow.
No.
OK. Ready. Yep. Whenever you're
ready.
#START_wanderer OK, we start out
our story with a very large
piece of.
Paper.
White piece of paper with two
people in it. One person has a
striped shirt and dark pants and
everything's Gray and black.
There's no color in the picture.
The other person in the picture
is dressed in a costume with
that's black. In the front has.
like white stripes on it and on
his head His head is covered in
a black mask, and he has.
Two horns coming out, one from
either side of his head.
They are folding the piece of
paper.
And they have folded it into the
shape of a of a boat.
The next scene is a very large
boat that looks kind of like a
pirate ship.
But on the back of the pirate
ship it looks like a a house or
a castle on the very back and
underneath the boat that's
floating in the water, you can
see a large round object
attached to the boat that looks
like the old scuba diving
helmets.
That boat is very, very large,
has a mast with two.
Flags at the very, very top.
And in front of it, floating on
the water, is the teeny tiny
paper boat that was folded by
the two men.
Flying above the water are a lot
is a flock of white birds, white
birds with black tips on their
wings. And in the water below
you can see the tiny paper boat
floating.
Around the paper boat coming up
out of the water now are
turtles, and the turtles on
their back have a diamond shape.
Black and white diamond shape to
their shell.
And.
There's also birds flying up
above the boat and there's a
bird landing on the paper boat.
Now coming up out of the water
much bigger than the White Paper
boat is a black whale like
animal, black with white dots on
it.
Now you can see underneath the
water where the black.
uh whale is the black whale with
the white belly and white spots
on the whale's back, and the
whale has his fin up in the
flipper, up in the pointing up
in the water and on the tip of
his flipper is his is the white
paper boat.
You can also see a lot of other
fish floating around in the
water with a large coral reef.
In front of him, some of the
fish are white and black
striped, and others are black
and others are white. And
there's also a swordfish
swimming around right in front
of the whale.
You can still see under the
water and we've gone further
into the coral reef, so there's
a lot of growth and vegetation.
Amongst that are fish floating
around. Large fish, tiny fish,
medium sized fish.
White with stripes.
Umm.
And a lot of coral coral reef, a
lot growing up, some of it looks
like fingers growing up, some of
it looks like just poofs of.
Of coral.
And many, many fish right under
the water, above the coral. On
the very top of the water you
can still see the paper boat
floating.
Again, you can see the paper
boat floating on the water, and
under the water you can still
see some of the coral.
Along with a number of fish,
different shaped fish.
Two of the fish.
Have their head looks just like
a fish floating, but then they
have a body with arms.
Growing out the bottom and those
two fish are kissing each other.
From the paper boat you can see
a a fishing rod.
Umm.
Is out with the fishing line,
down into the water, and at the
end of that fishing line he's
caught a fish.
The paper boat is still floating
on the water and in front of it
is a large fish that has.
Stuck his head out of the water
and on top of the fish is
standing a seahorse, and the
seahorse has.
Dark and white squares.
Design squares on it, and on top
of his head is a little hat that
looks like it's also a paper
boat that's folded.
Underneath the water you can see
the fish standing on some coral.
And around him are small fish,
medium fish.
And.
Coming out from the.
Paper boat which is still
floating on top of the water is
a long snake. Looks like a long
snake coming out from the deck
of the boat, down into the water
and way down below the water.
The snake is kind of wrapped
around in odd looking fish
that's pretty large, that is
dark with white stripes.
There's another fish that is
white and all around them are
Gray.
Fish.
That look like Stingrays, so
they're flat fish.
Large flat fish with a small
tail.
In the paper boat you can now
see the seahorse has gotten into
the boat.
OK, we can still see the water
with the paper, small paper boat
floating on it.
And there are waves in the
water.
The Seahorse is still in the
paper boat on the very front,
and they're headed towards.
What looks like maybe a kind of
like a mangrove or a growth of
trees or Bush coming up out of
the water.
And in all the the the bushes.
are
A lot of white birds that look
like a white.
Crane kind of bird with a long
neck, a large body and a long
neck.
Oh, also coming out, up, out of
the water, down at the bottom of
the.
The Bush are flowers, and the
flowers look a little bit like
daisies with white.
Petals on them.
Can see both above the water and
below the water.
The white boat is still floating
on the water.
You can see the bushes that were
growing up out of the water that
have the white birds in them and
below those bushes are kind of
roots.
That are growing down into the
the water.
In the water there are tiny fish
and some bigger fish floating
around. Tiny fish are have some
white and dark stripes on them
and the larger fish are just
Gray with very bright.
Eyes that are glowing under the
water.
You can see some of the flowers
that are growing up out of the
water, the very long stem and
and petals, and each of those
flowers have 5.
Petals growing on them.
We can see on top of the water
we've now gone into one of those
bushes that is kind of like a
mangrove where the boat has
floated in the water and the
Bush and foliage is all growing,
is all around the boat.
There are birds sitting on some
of the branches. The birds are
dark with glowing bright eyes.
There's another scary kind of.
Animal 5...6 of them that have
the glowing white eyes. They
look like they have the face of
an alligator but the back of a
lizard where the backs are all
all jagged.
The boat is the paper boat is
floating in the water with the
seahorse on it and you can see
around the boat are all the
white glowing eyes staring at
the staring at the boat.
Above the water.
Is the paper boat still floating
and peering over the edge of the
boat is the seahorse looking
down into the water.
Under the water.
There are still fish. White
fish,
And dark fish and the dark fish
have the bright glowing eyes.
There's a lobster that's walking
along the bottom.
And on top of the lobster, it's
kind of a seahorse looking
animal with white circles on him
and two little horns. And he
has.
Like a reins on the front of the
lobster, and he's riding it like
a horse.
The White Paper boat is floating
through the water out of the out
of the bushes, the mangrove
bushes.
And the seahorse is now out of
the.
Paper boat, his little hat's
going flying off and there are
three more seahorses in the
water.
OK.
There's a very large whale
looking.
Animal mostly under the water,
with the very top of his head
sticking out of the water. He's
dark.
With a very big head and his
belly is white with dark stripes
on it.
Right above the water where his
head is sticking out, a lot of
birds are flying around and
landing on the top of his head
and he's also smoking. Looks
like he's smoking a pipe. So
He's got a dark pipe with smoke
coming out of it, and right in
front of him is the paper boat
floating.
The there's another dark animal
with his head sticking out of
the water.
And coming out of the top of his
head.
Is.
Kind of like a.
Horn. Or maybe it's a fishing
pole with a line hanging down
and something's dangling off of
that.
uh line right in front of it is
the White Paper boat. Underneath
the water you can see the body
of the animal and he's dark with
some white circles on his on his
belly. He has two arms that look
like claws, like lobster claws.
And.
It looks like he might have
some.
Coral and things growing off of
his back.
He has four legs.
That are that just look like a
like a a horn or tusks.
Just pointy legs and he's
standing on.
A pile of.
Probably shipwrecks.
So a lot of ships that have
wrecked and sunk, sunk in the
water, and they're all piled up
at the bottom and he's standing
on it.
The White Paper boat is still
floating on the water and you
can see wav little white cap
waves on the on the water.
And there's a black cat.
Who is jumping into the paper
boat? Around the paper boat are
strange looking animals. Some of
them look like alligators with
long nose with a long nose,
snout and sharp teeth.
And there's one that looks like
a zebra. Black and white striped
zebra.
I think there's a dark and
white.
Dog.
On top of the water, in the
background, on the very top of
the water, you can see a snake
that's going along the water and
it's it's all curved up and
down. The snake is. Right he's
right in front of the bright
sun.
Either setting on the water or
rising from the water flying up
above them in the air are
strange looking birds.
{Umm.
Leave a note.}
There's also strange animals
that look like elephants.
with very except their, their,
their.
No.
There the elephant nose is very,
very long.
And their ears are huge, like
Dumbo the elephant.
And there's another animal that
looks like a lion.
With the big mane.
And another animal that looks
like a cheetah that's under the
water. It's white with spots on
it, but the arms and legs are
all of the animals.
Don't have feet, so they have
legs, but instead of a foot they
have kind of like a flipper.
All of the animals are like
that.
Up in the sky you can see the
moon.
And there are some.
Birds flying in the sky, some,
couple birds and then one that
looks like a bat.
And then it looks like there's
some that are flying around that
look like fish, so you can see
the back end of the fish and
their and their fin.
or their tail.
OK.
Now it's dark out, so in the you
can still see the water, and
floating on the water is our
white paper boat. And in the sky
the sky is very dark with many,
many stars.
Along with the moon. The moon
isn't a big ball though. It's
just a small, curved Crescent
moon.
Under the water you can see a
lot of fish right underneath the
boat that's floating, and the
fish's eyes are glowing bright.
So when you see this picture, it
looks the same above and below.
So above are the bright stars
and below are the bright eyes of
the fish.
So the paper boat is still on
the water.
But surrounded. Completely
surrounded. Surrounding the boat
now, fish have come up out of
the water, just their heads, and
they're looking, all looking
towards the boat. They have
their mouths open and their eyes
are glowing white.
The White Paper boat is still
floating on the water and the
and coming in and out of the
water are a few fish.
One fish has his head up out of
the water and he has the bright
glowing eyes.
The sky is still very dark with.
With many stars.
And it looks kind of like the
Northern Lights up in the sky
and it looks like.
A ribbon wound around up in the
sky with light lighter colored
lights.
Bright lights and medium colored
lights.
With stars shining through them.
The paper boat is still on the
water.
And you can still see the waves
in the water.
And there's no animals around.
The only thing you can see is
the water,
The White Paper boat, and a very
large iceberg.
Iceberg is white on the top.
and front. and
Kind of grayish on the side.
The boats in the water and it's
surrounded by little bits of the
iceberg that are in the water.
Called bergy bits.
And the boat is coming up
towards the iceberg and there's
an opening, kind of like a cave.
So the boat has floated in the
water inside the.
Cave of the iceberg.
So the boat is.
I think back outside of the
iceberg.
Right up to the edge of the
iceberg.
And.
Coming up out of the water.
Is like a snake, but instead of
the head of the snake it looks
like a like a.
Megaphone.
Kind of, shining a very bright
light.
In the next picture.
Coming up out of the water is a.
Monster that looks like it's in
a scuba diving outfit. So it has
a helmet on it and coming up out
of the helmet is like a a hose
or an air hose.
Coming out of where the mouth is
of the helmet are also hoses
that go over his shoulder into
his.
Scuba tank.
The monster has arms but no
hands, and it looks like where
the hands are are fish, the tail
of fish.
Umm.
The monster also has a belt
around him, probably with scuba
diving weights.
The paper boat is still floating
on the water with the waves, but
it has come upon a very large
ocean liner.
This ocean liner is much taller
than the small boat, and it has
smokestacks on top of it with a
lot of dark puffs of smoke
coming out of it.
The very front of the ocean
liner.
Has an has anchors hanging off
either side of the very front,
but the anchors are not down in
the water.
It's now night time again and
the paper boat is floating in
the water.
And there are a lot of white
birds flying up in the sky.
As well as down on the water and
one of the white birds is is on
the paper boat hanging off the
edge of the boat.
In the sky, it looks like puffs
of smoke or cloud dark clouds.
Umm.
Hmm.
Coming up out of the water looks
like kind of an oil rig with
three columns coming up out of
the water with a platform that
has kind of a a house or a
factory on top of it.
Coming out of the side are some
cranes and one crane.
Has a large whale hanging off
the end of the crane.
There's.
A lot of smokestacks on top that
are.
Black and white striped and
large puffs of black smoke are
coming out of the smokestacks.
Again, flying around in the air
and landed on the water are
white birds.
The White Paper boat is in the
water.
And it's by a large dark column
that's coming up out of the
water.
Probably one of the columns that
was holding up what looked like
the oil rig.
And in this column are are
windows, one on top of another
12345 stacked right on top of
each other. The windows are open
and aimed out of each window is.
Some type of.
Animal person.
Shooting guns or lasers down
towards the White Paper boat.
As well there is a.
A kind of boat with a propeller
on the back and the scuba
diving.
Looks like a scuba diving person
is.
Is on it and the white lasers
are shooting down towards him
also.
Right above him is a very large
claw like device that's hanging
off of a chain and it's right
above his head.
Right by the.
White paper boat on the deck of
the boat now is a life round
life preserver and coming up out
of the water is what looks like
a rocket or a rocket ship coming
up out of the water. The front
of it is very cone shaped and
pointy.
And on standing on top of it is.
A person in a scuba diving
outfit.
And it looks like he's about to
jump onto the boat.
The White Paper boat now is in
some very large waves and it's
down at the bottom of a wave and
behind him being towed with a
rope is the scuba diving person.
Diver.
In front of them, coming up out
of the water, is a boat full of.
Animals and Martian looking
people. So there's an animal
that looks like a a horse. It's
dark with white.
A lot of white spots on it and
bright white glowing eyes.
There's another animal that
looks like a deer or an antelope
with.
Antlers that are very, very tall
antlers coming out of its head.
The.
Earlier we saw the dark, the
person in the dark costume with
The White Stripes on his chest.
And.
He's got white glowing eyes and
a dark mask over his head, but.
Now we can only see one horn
coming out of his head and he's
got a dark Cape on him.
Flying behind the boat, attached
to the boat by string is a very
large kite that has stars on it.
You can see the White Paper boat
is still in the water, but now
he's stuck in a wave. So this
wave is very, very tall and it's
come up out of the water and
it's curving around like the
wave is crashing down.
And the boat is just on the
inside of the wave.
There's still the boat with the
animals on it, and the man, or
the man in the dark costume with
the horns on his head, is on the
very top of the mast.
The kite, or you know, it looks
like a kite acting like a sail,
is still attached to the boat by
string, but now the kite is
ripped in the middle and has a
very big hole. On the crossbars
of the kite are two people,
one's hanging on and one is
standing on the top. On one of
the lines leading from the boat
to the kite is a black cat
walking on the line.
Now the waves have died down,
but there's still some waves on
the water and you can see the
White Paper boat floating.
And.
It looks like a storm in the
background. There are a lot of
clouds and coming down from the
cloud hitting the water is a
large bolt of lightning.
Now flying above the water, it
looks like a paper airplane is
flying.
With the dark sky and no stars.
In the water is the paper boat,
and coming up out of the water
it looks like Donuts.
So round objects with a hole in
the middle, partly in the water,
but mostly coming up out of the
water and floating through one
of those donut holes is the
paper boat.
Coming up out of all of those
doughnut hole looking objects.
Is.
Kind of a snake.
The back of the snake looks just
like the top of those.
Doughnuts, so those are probably
all snakes arched up out of the
water.
OK.
Now we've zoomed in underneath
those doughnut looking objects
that are probably snake backs
coming up out of the water, and
the paper boat is floating
through those those.
Donut holes.
Those arches and you can see the
head of some of the snakes with
the bright glowing eyes.
And the boat is headed towards 2
animals, one animal.
Is black and white with arms and
glowing eyes, and has a long
horn growing out of the top of
its head.
The paper boat's now back out in
the open water with the small
waves.
And the.
Black and white animal with the
long horn growing out of his
head is right up above the boat.
That animal has the dark glowing
eyes, a white belly and dark
back, and on the tip of its
snout or nose are two looks
like.
Openings like water hose
openings, so coming out of
those.
are
Are large.
Streams of water that look like
waterfalls coming down onto the
paper boat, and it's filling the
paper boat with with water.
There's also another animal next
to it coming up out of the water
that looks kind of like an
elephant, and the elephant's
trunk has.
Whites has spikes coming out of
either side of its trunk.
It's.
They're kind of next to a a bit
of land that looks like sand
with some bottles and other
bottles cans and other trash
that have floated in from the
water. And standing on that.
That land or that sand is kind
of a fish, a very tall skinny
fish that's dark with white,
white spots and.
The fish has legs. Legs that
look like a person.
But the feet look like lizard
feet.
Oh yeah, lizard feet and the
fish is wearing striped swimming
trunks and has long wings.
On either side of the fish has
long wings on either side of it.
Now you can see under the water
and the paper boat has sunk.
And it's sinking down into the
water with air bubbles floating
up from it. Towards the top of
the water. Underneath are a lot
of jellyfish, so he's fallen
into the water and is surrounded
by jellyfish.
The paper boat continues to fall
down into the water, sink down
into the water. It's very dark
in the water and it's surrounded
now by a large school of fish.
The fish have the glowing white
lights.
The paper boat has landed on the
bottom of the ocean on the ocean
floor.
And some animals are crawling.
Some animals with many legs,
each of them have many legs.
And they are crawling into the
paper boat. Shining down onto
the paper boat is a very bright
light coming through the water
right down onto the boat.
Next to the boat you can see
what looks like a submarine has
also.
fallen down into the water. It
has.
Black and white rectangular
shapes on the side of the
submarine.
And out of the front of the
submarine, pointy front of the
submarine is a bright light
shining.
The submarine is partly in the
water and out of the water, so
the submarine has managed to.
With the front of the submarine
has managed to pick up the paper
boat and the paper boat is
sitting on the front of the
submarine. The submarine has
come to the surface of the
water.
And has the boat up out of the
water and is pouring the water
out of the paper boat.
There is another fishing.
Boat on top of the water.
With.
A number of people on the deck
of the boat and they're looking
down into the water towards an
octopus looking animal that's
partly in the water and partly
out of the water and has a lot
of tentacles coming off of it.
Floating off in front of that
now is the White Paper boat.
Can see both above the water and
below the water. Above the water
you can see the head of like
seals.
Coming up out of the water with
their glowing white eyes and on
the tip of the nose of one of
the seals is the paper boat
balanced on the tip of the nose
of the seal.
You can see a lot of seals under
the water.
As well as some.
Algae and other things growing
under the water, with fish
swimming in between.
On top of the water we see two
paper boats floating.
Under the water.
You can still see.
Jellyfish and fish and snake
like animals.
One snake is very large with
with.
Stripes on it.
And you can see one of the
divers is.
Under the water.
I think he's standing on a.
Very large.
Fish, kind of like a.
Kind of like a whale.
And he's standing on the tail.
There's one white paper boat
floating on the water.
And.
It's by a large buoy. The buoy
is dark with a white stripe and
a drawing of a fish on the side,
and the top of the buoy has a a
light on it. There are some
birds flying, one of them is
landing on the light of the
buoy.
The there are some animals
crawling up onto the buoy. On
the side of the buoy are kind of
like metal handles that are like
steps and the animal is
crawling.
Up on the buoy.
Right next to it is an animal in
the water that.
Is.
White and dark striped with
bright.
Glowing eyes and sitting on top
of the animal is one of the
divers in his scuba gear.
The White Paper boat has now
approached a.
Just a little bit of land with
A lighthouse on it, and the
lighthouse has white and dark
bands of stripes around it. It's
very tall, and in the side of
the lighthouse you can see
windows, and at the very top you
can see a railing with a deck
and the lighthouse light at the
very top.
Down at the bottom of the
lighthouse on the land, there is
a person standing looking out
towards the White Paper boat.
And way beyond the lighthouse
you can see three different
ships. A large ocean liner and a
fishing boat and another very
large ocean liner.
The White Paper boat's on the
water and it is now near
An object that's built into the
water in the built to the bottom
of the water coming up out of
the water, and it's attached to
a very long pier.
Umm.
Where the white boat is, it's
kind of like a column coming up
out of the water, that is
Built all crisscrossed at the
bottom.
At the top is a duck that goes
around in a in a circle, and
there are street lights along
the deck.
There are flagpoles,
And kind of a Dome at the top
with a flag at the very top and
then it's attached to the the
the pier that goes way back in
the distance.
There are some boats, other
boats in the water.
That one boat has a smokestack
with white smoke coming out of
it. There's another sailboat
behind it with two white sails
that are that are hoisted. And
then there's a very large kind
of pirate ship looking boat,
although it's a white boat with
a lot of different white sails
on it like a schooner.
There's a very large ocean
liner,
Up
Above above the water is dark
and below the water is a is a
lighter colored and the ocean
liner has an anchor.
On the very front of it that is
not in the water.
Right next to it is a smaller
kind of.
Fishing.
Trawler that's dark with a white
stripe and the on the deck are.
2 levels of of deck with
portholes in them and and doors.
And.
Hanging off the side of the boat
are.
Like tires used to prevent
damage to the side of the boat.
At the very back of that boat,
it looks like a sailboat with
two white sails has run into the
back of that boat.
There's two large ocean liners
who are now docked at a
At a
That that are now docked and
along the top of the dock you
can see a lot of people waving
and pointing at the ocean
liners. There's a lot of white
birds floating around.
The little White Paper boat is
right at the bottom of that pier
or that dock.
Still in the water.
There's a small.
Very small boat with an outboard
motor on it with two or three
people in it. One is standing up
at the very front and he's right
near the buoy.
There's
The whale like animal coming way
up out of the water.
He's as tall as the ocean
liners. He has the large dark
head with some white stripes
On his front, just below his
mouth, and he's got what looks
like a scuba tank on his back
with a hose that comes up out of
it. But
It's not attached to him. It's
like a shower hose at the very
end and it's got water coming
down on top of the whale.
In the water is the White Paper
boat and next to it is another
boat
That looks to be wooden,
With
Kind of a sail on it that's
shaped like an umbrella. And
this that sail has flowers on
it, or daisies. There's a person
There's a woman driving the boat
at the at the wheel of the boat.
And there's a man standing on
the top deck and along the line
lines that go from the boat to
the mast, they've hung some
clothing. It's got a a dark and
white striped kind of flag
Sock.
At the very top of the mast.
In the very background you can
see on the on the land by the
pier, there's.
Some boat storage areas with
some boats that are stored on
the land.
And there are cranes coming up
out of the top of the building.
Probably to help move the boats.
As well as some containers off
of the ships.
Umm.
Oh yeah, there's a ship in the
background with cranes coming
off the top.
Cranes next to the boat.
Taking containers off the top of
the boat.
Let's see, there's a.
Kind of a fishing boat, and the
White Paper boat has come up
alongside of it.
Looks like he's asking a
question. There's a man on the
fishing boat in a striped shirt
and dark pants leaning over the
railing.
Talking to the White Paper boat.
Off the front of this fishing
boat is a crane with a.
Net hanging off of it, that's
been gathered up. The net was
down in the water and it
gathered up and it caught a lot
of animals and it looks like
it's caught the animal with the
long horn striped horn coming
out of its head.
The White Paper boats still down
on the water and the fishing,
some fishing, a fishing boat's
next to him.
There are.
Houses alongside the water.
With boats docked in with a boat
docked in front of them.
There are a lot of buildings
the.
The buildings are tall, short,
medium. Some of them have Dome
like objects on top of them. One
of them has a you can see a, a a
statue in the very back that
looks like a an elk standing
with.
Antlers off the top of his head.
All the buildings have windows
in them. Some of the windows you
can see the lights are on and
some of them are off.
And over the water our built
kind of arched buildings over
the over the water there's.
A series of two 3,4 of those.
And in those archways.
There are windows and some of
the windows have lights on and
some of them have windows lights
that are off.
You can see a lot of birds and
pigeons flying around and
sitting on top of the roof of
the houses also.
The White Paper boat has floated
in under some of those arches.
And is at the base of a set of
stairs.
That come up out of the water
and on those stairs are.
Some animals and kind of people
looking objects. One of them is.
Someone who looks like a scuba
diver.
One of them looks like a court
jester with a costume on, with
bells hanging off of them
hanging off of the costume.
There's.
A horse.
Dark horse with white spots on
it and it's being ridden by the.
By the.
Dark costume that we saw earlier
with The White Stripes on it and
the white horns coming out of
the top.
Can also see the boat that.
A boat that had a kite used as a
sail that's also at the bottom
of the steps.
And.
Now the paper White Paper boat
is floating on.
Through the water under all of
those archways.
I think the paper boat has now
come out from under the
archways. It's nighttime and the
sky is dark with a lot of stars.
And from under the archway you
can see four fish.
Have come up out of the water.
They're the ones with the
glowing white eyes and they're
staring after the white boat.
The White Paper boat is also
being followed by a another.
Umm.
Like wooden boat, I don't see
any people on it. And also being
followed by an object that looks
kind of like a submarine or a
blimp that's partly out of the
water with white.
Light and dark shapes on it
alongside the on either side of
the water are tall walls, brick
walls that are built up.
And at the top of our houses.
And the wall is lined by street
lights.
The White Paper boat is still in
the water and it's approaching a
brick wall, and up on top of the
brick wall is.
A White House.
With a street light in front of
it and it's surrounded by a lot
of.
Bushes, trees.
The paper.
Boat.
Is floating alongside the brick
wall.
And.
An object is very faint. You can
see an object on the boat in the
sail, and it's very faint and
then it gets darker and darker.
And it stands up out of the
boat.
And is walking up the steps and
it looks like a.
Dark person with drawings.
On it, and he's walking up the
steps.
Towards another.
Set of legs. So now you can see
two legs that are dark and two
legs that are light at the top
of the brick wall. #END_wanderer
My God.
OK, I have. I have figured out
that there's you're showing me
things that are pretty.
Undescribable.
So it's to try to get me to.
Give words to it. It's it's
like, what am I looking at? I
know some of them are a little
abstract. Oh my gosh, I know
that one was a little long. That
was the first time I've ever,
like, went through that one
ever.
Wow. It's like, how do I, how do
I describe it? But that's
exactly what you're trying to
do, right? Is?
How would you describe it and.
To me it's undescribable, but to
someone with aphasia it might.
I don't know.
Yeah, so if you want to take
like a 2-3 minute break, because
I know that one was really long
and then we just have a few more
left.
And I'll pull up the next one
while you.
Now I know how my husband feels
when he's trying to describe
something, because it really
tires out your brain.
Yeah, it's a lot of work. It is
a lot of work. I got done last
time and I was like I am wiped
out.
And you know, and he's just
trying to describe common
objects.
Yeah, I know it's really hard.
Yep.
And then just like let me let me
know when you're ready and then
I'll just.
Just want to make sure I shared
the right thing, yeah.
And then there's so much in the
pictures you can't describe
everything.
No, it's it's a lot, yeah.
OK, so I'll share my screen.
And then?
So yeah, just take like 3 to 4
minutes to describe this one.
It's just a complex scene.
#START_waldo_1 Yeah, looks like
Where's Waldo? Yep.
OK, we can see a a scene of a
village. It's very colorful.
In the middle of the village is
a triangle.
Kind of like the village square,
but it's a village triangle and
there's a fountain in the middle
of the triangle.
With water coming up out of the
fountain and on top of the
water.
Is a person in a red swimming
suit.
With.
Green with green flippers.
And looks like he has a snorkel
on.
There are a lot of people
standing around the fountain
just walking around.
Uh, let's see.
Then on either side of the
triangle are roads.
And in the road are cars,
there's a green car that looks
like a VW bug, and there's a
blue car with a person with a
yellow shirt hanging off the
passenger window.
There's a yellow truck that
looks like it's just been
rear-ended by a red car.
And I think both drivers have
gotten out and are.
Are arguing.
Some of the buildings that are
around the triangle are a two
story pink building.
And has a lot of blue windows.
On the front and the side, and
each window has a flower box
with green plants growing
growing in front of it.
The front door of the building
has a red and white canopy.
On the front and a red carpet.
Looks like maybe a hotel,
because there's a person
standing at the front door kind
of guiding people to the front
door.
Roof of the two-story pink
building is dark.
Pink. Kind of red.
With dormer windows coming out
of the front and the side and
there are people who have come
out onto the.
Unto the roof.
The building next door is
another two-story building
that's blue with speckled blue
paint on it.
And it has a flat roof that is a
a roof deck, and on top of the
roof deck there's a.
A lady sitting feeding the
birds, and then there are two
men in blue coveralls with
buckets on their heads, and they
each have a mop and they are
fighting like their sword
fighting, but they're using the
mops.
Across the street from the front
of the triangle.
There's an open area where
people are gathered. There are.
A variety of stands set up and
each stand has striped colored.
Canvas roofs.
Or coverings on them. So there's
a blue and white striped, red
and white striped and green and
white striped. And they're
stands that are probably selling
fruit, vegetables, maybe plants.
And there's a lot of people
mingling around the stands. Some
people have their dogs with them
on a leash. Another older
couples walking. He's got a blue
suit with lighter colored pants
with a an older woman walking
with him, and they both are
using a cane.
There's someone playing a
violin.
Umm.
Trying to make a little money.
And there.
Are.
Let's see.
In this, in the street behind
them, there's a boy riding a
bicycle.
And there's a manhole cover in
the street, and a person has
come up out of the manhole
holding the cover above his
head.
There's someone studying.
Either reading a newspaper or
studying a map.
There's an old person with the
cane who is riding a red
motorcycle very fast through the
street and a couple people are
jumping out of the way of the
motorcycle. #END_waldo_1
OK, perfect.
And let me see what we have
next.
OK.
Play.
OK, I'm going to share my
screen. It's another complex
scene, same thing as before the
three to five minutes and you
could begin when you're ready.
#START_campsite OK, it looks
like we are at a campground.
And the campground is divided
by.
a a small.
River or Aqueduct running
running through it. On one side
there are camper trailers that
are set up and the other side is
a section just for tents.
So the the tents are all
different shaped. Some of them
are teepee shaped.
And they're all different
colors. There's red, blue,
yellow, green, white.
Brown and tan tents, and there's
also a small tent that has
flowers on it. It's a yellow
tent with all different colored
flowers, pink, green, blue, red.
Right in front of that.
Tent. It looks like a group of
hippies.
And they are standing, some of
them standing, some of them
sitting, and one is sitting
playing the guitar.
There's another group of people
who are trying to set up a tent,
and the tent has collapsed on
top of a person and you can see
the person's legs sticking out
from the end of the blue tent.
There.
are pathways through the
campground, little sidewalks
where people are walking and
hiking, hiking with walking
sticks.
Umm.
A group of hikers with walking
sticks, sticks all walking in a
row and they all have backpacks
on the their backs.
There is an area with.
Animals that has a gate into the
into the area, but around the
edge of that area is all bushes
with grass in the middle and
there's a.
Cow.
And a bull, and the bull has.
Is looks like he is charging one
of the people.
A child in blue short shorts and
a blue shirt waving a weid red.
Red.
Fabric in front of the OR Cape
in front of the bull.
In the water that's separating
the tent area from the.
Camping trailer area. You can
see people are floating in the
water, they're swimming.
There's people fishing off the
edge of the.
Water. There's a boat. Red boat
with a white stripe.
And a blue roof.
And there are people on that
boat who look like bodybuilders
in.
Umm.
Yeah, bodybuilders, maybe
lifting weights.
Um, let's see, on the other side
of the water where the camping
trailers are, there are a lot of
camping trailers set up. Some of
them are blue and white, green
and white. There's a yellow and
white camper with a red and
white awning off the side of the
camper.
There's people standing and
visiting, there's kids playing,
there's old people walking with
their canes.
On this on the sidewalks,
there's people riding bikes.
There are people jogging.
Umm.
By one of the campers, the green
and white camper with the pink
door. There are people outside
that camper who have a grill set
up and they're grilling some
food. There's a man by the grill
with a white apron and a white
hat, and off the grill, coming
up off the grill is a lot of
smoke, and the smoke is going
right into.
Another one of the camper
trailers in the door and out all
the windows, smoking them out.
There's a group of Boy Scouts.
Who are saluting their Boy Scout
leader?
As well as building a campfire.
#END_campsite
OK, perfect.
And now let me pull up the next
one.
I'm going to share my screen.
This is also another complex
scene so just take 3 to 5
minutes to describe it.
#START_unfriendly_giants So
looks like we're looking at.
Land of giants?
Giants in a.
Who have come into?
A village in the village
surrounds a castle, and a castle
has a Moat that's around it
built up on.
Steep cliffside with a Moat
around it.
So the Giants are running up the
hillside.
By the castle.
So there's a giant running up
the hillside with a red shirt
and blue pants and brown shoes,
and he's running towards the
castle. Leaning up against the
castle is another giant who has
been knocked in the head.
By someone who is on the.
Top.
In one of the turrets of the
castle.
He's been knocked on the head
and he's leaning up knocked out
against the castle.
There are.
There is a group of giants who
are kneeling down on the ground.
Playing chess with.
People.
So the people are the chess
pieces, and they're being moved
by the by the Giants.
The Giants are all dressed in
colorful outfits, red.
Green, yellow. Some of them have
stripes on their arms of blue
and red or red and yellow.
There's a group of giants who
have long straws.
And they have sucked up all the
water out of the ponds and
lakes.
With the straw and now they're
shooting the water through the
straw at Group of the the life
sized people, not the Giants.
There is another giant who has
red pants and a blue and yellow
tunic shirt and his and his
shirt underneath the tunic is
blue and red striped and he has
a.
Umm.
Tree in his hand that he
uprooted.
That looks like a bouquet of
flowers.
And above his head is a pink
heart, so he's clearly in love
with the with the.
Giant looking woman in front of
him. But it's not a real woman.
It's a statue of a woman with a
blue skirt with a yellow shirt
and she has long blonde hair and
red lips.
And she's propped up hiding.
A wheeled.
Weapon behind her that has a
large hammer like.
Object that comes down and can
knock people in the in the head.
There's another friendly giant
kneeling down on the ground with
orange pants and a blue shirt
and a green hat that he is
tipping his hat to a group of.
The life-size women.
And he's smiling at them.
And there's another giant that
has a long rope that he has
shaped into the shape of a
lasso, and he has it down on the
ground around a group of the
life sized people.
The real sized people.
And he's about to capture them.
It's another giant walking
along.
With the blue and yellow tunic
with the red shirt underneath
and his pants are red and blue
striped and around his waist. He
has a belt and in the belt are
some of the people that he has
captured and attached to the
side of his belt.
#END_unfriendly_giants
Perfect. I'm going to pull up
our next one.
It's another complex scene.
OK. And like before, just
describe what you see for like 3
to 5 minutes.
#START_deep_sea_divers OK, now
you can see a body of water and
you can see both above the water
and below the water.
And it's very.
Colorful.
All different colors of on top
of the water are all different
colors of boats. The boats are
all striped.
They're like row boats.
Um, so there's blue and white
stripe, red and white, green and
white striped boats, all with
people in them. Some of the
people in the boats are fishing
and others are jumping off the
boat into the water, swimming.
There is another boat that has a
large green and white sail. The
boat is red and white.
Has the green and white sail and
amassed with a red flag flying
off the top of it.
There are some rock formations
that jet up out of the water,
and on those rock formations
there are some people who are.
Fishing and they have brown
fishing rods with lines hanging
down into the water.
On one of the rock formations,
one of the.
People fishing has caught
another person and is lifting
them up out of the water with
the fishing line.
And another rock formation there
are mermaids.
Mermaids with long blonde hair
and the.
And green bodies to the mermaid.
Under the water you can see a
lot of fish swimming around,
along with a lot of people there
are.
Small red fish, small yellow
fish. There's seahorses.
There's yellow and green.
Fish.
Blue swordfish.
There are schools of fish.
That are, the fish are red and
they're swimming in the shape of
a fish.
Along with some a school of Blue
fish.
There's.
A large green octopus.
There are people.
Who looked to be spearfishing?
A lot of the people have striped
swim trunks on, so there's blue
and white striped and red and
white striped and green and
white striped swim trunks.
Some of them are standing on the
ocean floor.
And others are swimming through
the water. There are some of the
mermaids who are swimming
through the water along with the
fish.
And jellyfish.
Lot of spearfishing. There's a
man who's spearfishing with a
long spear and he's accidentally
poked another swimmer.
There is a swimmer with red and
white striped trunks.
And.
He has.
What looks like
The fin of a shark, and he's got
that above the water, so it
looks like there's a shark in
the water and it's scaring the
people that are swimming around
him.
Umm.
Let's see.
There are some real sharks
swimming around, and there's a
green snake who's both in and
out of the water.
And there are other fish, blue
fish who are blue and green fish
who are swimming in the shape of
arrows, 3 arrows right in a row.
#END_deep_sea_divers
OK, perfect. And now let's see
what now you could just go on
and on. So, yeah.
You're good. OK. So next we have
our last short story.
Let me.
Pull it up.
OK, so it is.
Four slides long and you have
approximately 10 to 15 minutes
to go through them. Like before.
Just tell me when you want to
move on and I will.
#START_arrival_5 OK, the
pictures we can see are.
Are there's no colors, it's just
light and dark shades.
There's a.
Let's see, there's a body of
water with a small row boat in
the water with three or four
people in it, and the boats
rowing up to a wooden ramp that
comes up out of the water. And
on the ramp are a lot of row
boats being stored.
The ramp is alongside a lot of
different buildings, like three
and four story buildings.
With.
Lots of windows in each of the
buildings.
Up in the sky are dark birds.
Filling the sky.
Then we have a series of
individual pictures.
So we see one where a person is
wrapping a rope around a cat.
Like statue.
There are.
Two people, two men chatting.
One has a dark suit and dark
hat, and he's talking to another
man with a white shirt and
suspenders. That man has is
wearing glasses and is carrying
a basket.
And he's pointing off to the
distance.
Off to the side while he's
talking to the man.
There's a young boy who's
walking with a basket. The boy
has a white shirt and shorts.
Darker shorts and dark shoes.
He's being followed by two
strange looking animals. One is
black and one is white and they
both have tails.
The little boy with the basket.
The basket is full of fruit and
vegetables and he's handing it
to a woman. Woman with dark hair
and a white dress.
Now the woman with the white
dress and dark hair is hugging
the man.
With the white shirt and
suspenders and glasses. And that
man also has a basket.
The woman is talking to both men
now, and he's she's shaking the
hand of.
The man with the dark suit. The
man with the dark suit has taken
off his hat to shake hands with
the woman.
And the woman is now inviting
him inside the house.
So now you can see.
Oh, the woman standing holding a
glass with some liquid in the
glass, and there are three other
hands.
Umm.
They are cheering one another.
And you can just see the glasses
with liquid in them.
It's probably the two men, the
boy and the woman.
Now she's taking out objects
from the basket and chopping
them up. Looks like something
round with spikes on the
outside. Some sort of vegetable.
She's.
Grating.
One of the.
Vegetables from the basket,
grating it on a on a grater.
I don't know what that is. I
don't know about the last
picture.
Now you can see a series of
individual pictures, but then
also a larger picture.
So the end of individual
pictures are just focusing on
one person or one object.
You can see the man with the
white shirt and the suspenders
and glasses. He's got a wine
glass. He's sitting at a table
and he's laughing.
The woman is also sitting at the
table with a wine glass and
she's laughing.
And then the man with the dark
suit.
Is sitting at the table with a
plate and a fork with some food
on his plate.
He took off his suit jacket but
still has his dark vest on. And
he's eating.
Now the man with the glasses and
the white shirt and suspenders
is playing an object that looks
a musical instrument that looks
like an accordion.
At the bottom, but has it has
horns coming up out of it.
The woman is playing a flute
like instrument that she's
blowing into and that also has
kind of a horn shape coming up
out of it.
The young boy is playing a
banjo.
And sitting next to him is an
animal that looks kind of like a
cat that's black and white with
pointy ears.
And you can see the man with the
dark vest suit vest.
Has some paper in his hands that
he's folding.
And I think he's folded it into
kind of an origami cat like
animal and he's given it to the
boy, the boys holding that
origami cat, and he's also the
boy is also wearing the man's
dark hat.
The man with the white shirt and
glasses is taking a vase out of
the cupboard.
He and the woman are holding the
vase.
In the larger picture you can
see them all sitting around the
table.
The the boy's sitting in a
chair, leaning.
Leaning over, feeding something
to the strange looking white.
Animal that looks like a mouse
with a very long tail.
And the black and white kind of
cat is eating something the
people are sitting at the table
eating.
Eating, drinking and talking.
Here's a series of pictures. In
the first picture we just see
the vase and now we can see that
the vase or pot is sitting on a
table.
I think this is the young.
The young.
Boy or.
Maybe that's the the man who
wears the dark suit is just
waking up, rubbing his eyes and.
Up on the bed is the white.
uh strange looking animal and
the man is petting him.
He's getting dressed in his
white shirt.
And his dark suit.
And he's.
Cutting something to eat looks
like kind of like a.
Almost like a strawberry or
gourd. He's cutting it in half.
He's sitting at the table and he
has some of it on the plate in
front of him on the table, but
he's also feeding the strange
little white animal some some
food.
The man's putting on his suit
jacket and the animal is handing
him his hat.
Now the man is outside the
building.
Walking outside with a lot of
other people who are walking.
The man has this strange little
animal walking with him.
He can see a lot happening
around him. There's.
A man with a sombrero.
Wearing a dark vest and white
shirt, and he has a large.
Umm.
Basket or tub with him and he's
got a ladle.
I think maybe a ladle or he's
pouring something out feeding
some fish like animals.
That are in front of him.
There's somebody who's drawing a
mural on the side of the
building.
A man up on the ladder
Drawing. there's a woman with a
Cart.
I don't know if she's selling
something.
The man with the dark suit has
come to the door of of a house
or a business.
And he's talking to another man
who has a white apron with
pockets and.
Kitchen utensils in his pocket.
Men has kind of a pointy chef's
hat.
Hat.
And he's holding a bowl and a
spoon. The man with a dark suit
is asking him a question with
his hand stretched out and the
the chef standing in the doorway
is holding up his hand like he
doesn't doesn't know.
Now the man in the dark suit is
in another shop.
Asking a woman a question. The
woman has short dark hair and a
a dark clothing standing behind
a counter and she's got her
hands up. Also like, I I don't
know what you're talking about.
And behind her are shelves full
of.
Vases and bottles.
Now the man is asking. He's out
walking on the pier in front of
a large boat. The boat has a.
Either boat or blimp has a
propeller on it.
And the man with the dark suit
is asking.
Questions of another man.
And there's people working
around him, sweeping and
carrying objects. The strange
looking animal is still
following the man with the dark
suit. #END_arrival_5
OK. And?
Next we have OK, this is our
last one and it is a complex
scene.
And I'm going to share my screen
and I'm going to present. So
just take 3 to 5 minutes to
describe what you see happening
in the scene.
#START_airport So we're at an
airport.
And you can see some some planes
that are on the on the ground
and people are coming.
One of the planes is very large.
It's white with a blue stripe.
And it has a set of stairs that
are coming down from the open
door of the plane.
And people are coming off of the
plane.
They're coming down the steps
with their some with their
suitcases.
Some, some kids.
Um, and they are going into the
terminal building.
Once they get into the terminal
building, you can see inside the
building.
And they some people are waiting
for their suitcases. Their
suitcases are coming out on a
movable ramp that's coming down.
With all the suitcases going
around and people are waiting
for their suitcases, one man's
grabbing his red suitcase off of
the the the the belt.
And there's a boy who's riding
around with the suitcases. Boy
has red and white shirt with
blue pants.
There are also.
Some people who don't have to
wait for their suitcases and
they're just walking on
By. there's a desk with security
guards or.
Security guards who are working,
they have blue uniforms with
blue hats.
And they're guiding people in
the direction that they should
go, as well as they're answering
some questions. They've also
stopped a man who.
As.
Must have stolen watches and
he's holding open his coat and
there are watches hanging on the
inside of his coat and the
inside of his shirt and he's
been caught by one of the
policemen.
There's also some flight
attendants and pilots who are
either coming to work or leaving
work. They, the women uh flight
attendants, have green uniforms
with green skirts and green
light, lime green hats and lime
green.
Bags or purses that they're
carrying.
Outside by the airplane, you can
see that there.
Is a group of workers.
Who are unloading suitcases from
the airplane? The suitcases are
coming down a conveyor belt and
the workers are taking them off
and loading them onto.
Loading them onto carts and
suitcases are all colourful,
green, blue, red, brown, pink.
They're being loaded onto a
bright yellow cart.
There's.
Some other workers who are
loading large boxes or crates of
items and there's a green
forklift, and on the front of
the forklift is a very large
fork that's being lifted by the
forklift.
Umm.
There's, I think, a like a.
I don't know if it's a fire
engine, but a very large red
truck with people, workers on
top of the truck in blue
uniforms and they're spraying a
water hose.
At a group of people.
There's some of the larger jets
that are on the ground that are
white with blue stripe, white
with green stripe, red stripes,
yellow stripes.
There's also a.
Old.
Like biplane that is on the
ground.
Um, with some workers around it
and in the cockpit of that
Plane is a large playing card
looks like the ace of spades.
Umm.
You can also see some
helicopters and there's also a
hot air balloon, a large hot
head hot air balloon that is
yellow and pink and it's being.
Held to the ground by some
workers in blue uniforms.
There's a blimp flying up in the
sky. It's white with.
Blue rudders at the very back of
the plane. You can see a red
biplane flying in the sky.
There's a jet taking off.
There's a.
Red and white rocket.
And you can also.
See the air traffic control
tower.
That's kind of two-story yellow
building at the bottom with the
tower at the top.
With people standing on the very
top of the tower and that's
where the rocket is shooting off
of. #END_airport
Sorry. Perfect. OK, thank you.
Let me stop my sharing.